-
yond the winds, it is the secret place of the soul, the source of all
beauty, pleasure and joy. This book is a story of the journey to the In-
Place and the discovery of its power.
this small Canadian village, tucked away in the rugged hills, people
come to experience a peaceful atmosphere and to enjoy the beauty of the
natural surroundings. The Trading Station provides a connection to the
Indigenous people, and the church, jail, and modest homes create a
friendly and welcoming atmosphere
'
the In-Place.

This text is about a small community which has a jail but rarely needs to use it, as justice is served with mercy. The people of the community are known for their ability to make a living from the soil, rather than from fishing. Priscilla
the ground saw the girl standing before him"

This is a story about Priscilla, a young woman with a strong faith and determination. With the help of the Poor Property Man, she finds her place and her work. She also finds love that is tested by her sense of honour and
so much as he did the spring at the
bottom of his garden, and he never went anywhere without praising it.

The bed opened his eyes and looked, first at Travers, then at Priscilla. Priscilla had sensed something unusual in the air and had gone to the
to be proud of his family's accomplishments in tilling the soil instead of relying on fishing for their livelihood. His grandfather had been the first white settler of Kenmore and was well-liked by the natives, who offered him any amount of land he wanted. Nathaniel never boasted about his family
usky she was
scarcely white," and Nathaniel had looked at her with a feeling of
disappointment, but he had accepted her as he had accepted the other
four. This text is about Nathaniel, a proud man who is disappointed when his wife gives him five daughters instead of a
ve years, came the third girl, and this time Theodora's heart
was so filled with joy and thankfulness that she vowed, as she took the
ark of the covenant into her arms, that she would have been welcome in
any house on a New Year's Day.
' the house, seven children, and
not a penny to buy 'em a loaf o' bread!"

Priscilla was born the seventh child in a family of seven children and was said to have the features of all of them. Long Jean and Mary Terhune were the mid
udgingly
admitted that Theodora had been right and had done well. Priscilla was
a blessing to them both. She had remained at home, and her presence was
a comfort. She had proved to be a great help, and Nathaniel could rest
assured that she
father and looked up at him with
wide, reproachful eyes.

This text is about a father and daughter who have a strained relationship. The daughter seems to have an understanding of her father that he does not have of himself. When she laughs at him, he reacts by striking her
ia and, leaning toward her as though to confide the
warning to her more directly, said slowly: "Don't you do that or Cilla
will hate you!" This warning was meant to remind the father that he must
not go too far in disciplining his daughter.
hem in a certain order, make a story, her enthusiasm knew no
bounds.

Theodora had successfully taught her daughter to read using labels on cans of vegetables and fruits. Priscilla was delighted to find that she could make words and stories out of the letters. This experience
ering and dying, and
found that the jar held only mustard.

This text is about a girl who wants to go to school to learn more than what her mother can teach her. Her father denies her request, but she is determined to gain knowledge and discovers that the jar on the dining
remained unmoved, and she
resigned herself to the life he had mapped out for her.

This story is about Priscilla, an 8 year old girl who was determined to go to school but was told by her father, Nathaniel, that she would have to marry early and focus
. For three
days Priscilla prayed to the skull, but it did not melt and she eventually
stopped praying and began to worship a graven image of her own creation.
's ears with a strange, half-fearful awe.

This text is about Priscilla, a young girl who has an inner call that she listens to and worships before her secret shrine. Although her family rarely goes to church, her father, Nathaniel, sets forth his rigid
aut and held the reins.

This text is about Priscilla, a girl who grew up in Kenmore. There were regular happenings that she observed but her inner growth was steady and sure. Two families, the McAlpins and another, interested her. The McAlpins were
for their wealth.

The McAlpin and Travers families had come together to the small town of Kenmore and had managed to overcome the suspicions of the government. Jerry-Jo, the son of the older McAlpin, was close to Priscilla and was the only young person
asive and mysterious, was seldom mentioned by her
father.

This text is about a man, Nathaniel Glenn, who distrusts the family from the Far Hill Place and has forbidden the sale of milk and garden stuff to them. His daughter Priscilla has never seen any of them and they
bank and stood upon the landing.

Priscilla Glenn was a curious but obedient child. She had heard of the Far Hill people, but they were rarely mentioned and she had never been tempted to disobey her parents. At the age of ten, she had a brief encounter with the people
her
a path to greet him in a friendly fashion.
y like that, the Far Hill people were brought into focus for Priscilla, sharply and suddenly.
iscilla, with soft, sad eyes, shook her head.

The story is about Jerry-Jo and Priscilla. Jerry-Jo asked Priscilla to return a book to him and she refused, claiming it was hers. She threatened to throw it in the Channel if he tried
on inside her that had
never been there before.

Priscilla is experiencing the joy of spring and the feeling of being part of life as she remembers a poem from her childhood. She is overwhelmed by the emotions she is feeling and Jerry-Jo is mesmerized by the poem.
paddled on.

This text is about Jerry-Jo and Priscilla, two people who had been apart during the winter. When they reunite, Jerry-Jo is almost a man and Priscilla has grown into a beautiful young woman with a mature look. Jerry-
if the words had been a blow.

Jerry-Jo had given his undivided attention to his boat and had been cheerful about his uncle's death.
so excited that I shouted out, 'Long life to Uncle
Michael and death to the English!' I didn't mean no harm, but the mention
of death on that glorious day cast a cloud and a shadow."

This text is about Jerry-Jo's father being in jail after Jerry
aught, and when they'd gone Dad takes the key,
opens the door, and drunks himself!
now look at you!

Jerry-Jo is proud to have been given the task of delivering a boatload of mail and freight to his father and the people at the Hill Place. Priscilla is excited to see the cargo, which includes books, and Jerry-Jo fondly remembers when
she had wept. Jerry-Jo had remembered her tears and bought her a copy of the book she had wanted so badly.
. Long ago,
she had loved and wept.

This story is about Jerry-Jo and Priscilla, two young people who had a special moment together. Priscilla was given a book of poems as a gift from Jerry-Jo, but she refused to accept it.
her, and she felt herself to be a little girl again, eager to
try the forgotten charm.

This passage is about a woman who had a sudden desire to return to an old shrine near the woods that she had not visited since the autumn before. She wanted to try the mystic rite
iter in the temple forever. This woman had been hypnotized by the past, and was looking upon the leering skull with a sense of age and indifference, as well as the witchery of the place. She had found the image, which had answered her first prayer, and had been taught lessons
Priscilla, a young girl, has found a way to express her passionate self without repeating her father's creed, which would have been unbearable. She invokes a god with a deep and sweeping courtesy, chanting words that signify abject adoration. She then begins a wild, fantastic dance
.

This text is about a young man who watches a girl performing a heathenish and exquisite ritual. He is so amazed and amused that he can't help but laugh, which shocks the girl. She pauses in the midst of her ritual and stares at him with indignation.
I can think of to describe it. Will you let
me try?"

This is the story of Priscilla, a young woman who encountered a stranger named Travers while out dancing in the woods. Travers was charmed by her dancing and asked to play some music for her.
reless life, and now it seemed as if a
magic spell had been cast over her, and she could dance like no one else
in the woods.
and looked at her with admiration and tenderness.

Dick Travers meets a young girl, Priscilla, who worships a skull and claims it made her. He admires her and looks at her with admiration and tenderness.
ter?"

Priscilla summarized the text by saying: "I prayed to a god of my own creation and it answered my prayer, so I am devoted to it."
'
father a good deal more than he intended to give you."

This story is about a young girl who wanted to go to school. She prayed for her father to soften his heart, but he refused. She then began to worship a skull and her wish came true. She told the
trying--trying--trying."

The text is about how Travers was able to overcome his struggles and handicaps by holding on to his ideals and thinking high and strong thoughts. He encourages Priscilla to do the same, and she realizes that she has been doing the
This text is about two people, Travers and Priscilla, who make a pact to keep their ideals and not let anything take them away. They come to a rock and Priscilla speaks passionately about wanting to understand life and herself. Travers tries to lighten the mood by
and low, "I will hold to it."

Nathaniel Glenn had interrupted Travers and Priscilla while they were enjoying themselves with music and dancing. Glenn was angry and suspicious of what he had seen and heard and threatened Priscilla with a whip. Travers stepped in and
he vowed
defiantly, "I'm going to!"
shirt, sat on the veranda of the
cottage, his eyes fixed on the distant hills. He had managed to get the
little girl to dance for him, and he had taught her some of the old
songs. He had also managed to get her to open up about her
be choppy, but he'll get
through."

Helen Travers and Doctor Ledyard are discussing her son Dick, who is planning on entering college soon. Doctor Ledyard is reassuring her that he can do it, even though he may be "choppy."
the little cottage and do his best for the
invalid, Dick Travers. Now, he was content to know that Travers had
recovered and his health was good.
fession, he was prepared to be shocked.

This text is about a woman, Helen, who has a close relationship with a man named Ledyard. She confides in him that the boy she has been raising, Dick, is not her son. Ledyard is surprised and
or break his heart."

Ledyard is trying to get Helen Travers to tell him the truth about her husband and child. He is sympathetic and understanding, and is willing to accept whatever she tells him. He believes that she loves the child, and that she has done wrong, but
concluded, "Now I must take
Dick's father from him. They were such close friends, and now I must lay
everything low and I am wondering what will come of it all." 

Helen Travers is facing a difficult situation in which she must take away Dick's father
death.
She was older than I, and she had a husband and children. But she
understood me, and she helped me out of my dream of a world where
everything went on more rapidly and more brightly than in my own
little corner."
was for me; he was so gentle and
thoughtful.

This story is about a woman whose brother married her, and the woman had a baby who died a month later. The brother's former partner, Elizabeth Thornton, had a child with him, Dick, and she contacted them when
't know what she was
doing. This text is about a man's shock and surprise after learning that one of his own, John Travers, had gotten a girl pregnant. He reflects on the girl, recognizing her as a good person and understanding that she had been taken advantage of. He ultimately
The woman had no family or near friend, so the narrator and her husband went to see her. The woman, Elizabeth Thornton, was beautiful, and the little boy by her side, Dick, was comforting her. The narrator felt a strong connection to the boy and loved him from the moment
a wall between him and the child.

This text is about a woman who takes in her dead friend's child and her husband. Despite her best efforts, she is unable to bridge the gap between the husband and the child, and is instead a wall between them. She loves them both,
in firelight revealed a woman's face, strong and brave in its
resolution to accept what must be, and to keep silence as to what had
been.

This story is about a woman who has devoted her life to raising her son, who was born abroad. After coming home,
a deathlike form of the figure before the hearth, and the dark room was a fitting background for the eerie scene.
the hearth
you both sat, a vivid picture of love and understanding, and I knew I
was safe and secure."

Dick Travers knelt by the woman's side by the hearth and expressed his gratitude for her kindness and care. He recalled the loneliness and fear he felt
one day, "I want to make up for all the
time I haven't been with her--and I want to make sure she knows how
much I love her. That's why I'm so glad to have you here."

This story is about a young man, Dick,
In this passage, Dick is telling Ledyard that he wants to pursue a career as a physician, despite the difficulties associated with it. Ledyard warns him that it is a difficult life with few hours to call his own and that women often cannot understand the demands of the profession.
the cross and
stood looking at it.

This text is about Dick Travers, who is a doctor, and his conversation with his associate Ledyard. Dick expresses his desire to specialize in women and children's health, while Ledyard cautions him to be thankful for any cases
uterize her spiritual nature and render her unfit for the
Kingdom.

This text is about a family that takes a trip to the Hill Place and experiences some entertainment, including fishing and hunting. During the trip, Nathaniel Glenn says some terrible things to Priscilla, his daughter, about
oues, ever-changing moon.

Nathaniel, however, was convinced that this stranger was the cause of
Theodora's sorrow and declared that he would cast her into eternal
damnation.

Nathaniel believed that the stranger was responsible for Theodora's
place, and the lure calls
them to a new revelation of the strange god."

Priscilla has realized that she does not belong with her family and must go in search of her true place. The "lure" is a call to find a new revelation of the strange god.
creature?

This text is about two adults, Theodora and Nathaniel, trying to understand their daughter Priscilla's sudden outburst of wanting to go away and experience life. Priscilla is feeling trapped and suffocated in her current environment and wants to escape. Theodora is overwhelmed
'd man could have
planted the seeds of passion in her.

Nathaniel and Theodora are shocked to find that their daughter has suddenly displayed signs of passion and rebellion. Nathaniel orders her to leave the room and the parents take stock of their responsibility, with Theodora being
the knowledge that her father was willing to give her a chance to prove
her innocence. Nathaniel was determined to protect his family's reputation and his daughter from any potential danger, but he also wanted to give her a chance to prove her innocence.
, but I have thought it
all over and I am not so very wicked after all. I'll be back by four
o'clock."

This text is about Priscilla, who had a quarrel with her parents the night before. The next day, her mother asked her to
"lure" had been created in her daughter's mind that no amount of scolding could erase.
eluding the
care of her mother and going to meet the unknown.

Priscilla has been given freedom to express her inner self and is running away to meet the unknown.
her father's place as the leader of the church choir was looming before
her.

Priscilla had gained the upper hand over her father Nathaniel and was sorry for her mother, but she had limited time and wanted to explore Kenmore, visiting the jail, Mrs. Hornby and Mrs
had the right to do so, Mrs. McAdams had been a great source of admiration for Priscilla. Mrs. McAdams had defended her rights on the village Green with passion and eloquence, rallying the men to her support and threatening to take away their rights if they did not help her
ut Farwell, for they had accepted him as a mysterious, supernatural figure with a powerful influence on Priscilla's thoughts. He appeared to have an old-young appearance and was tall and stooped. His eyes were both friendly and sad.
Priscilla had come to Anton's rescue and had accepted him into her home. She was a source of comfort and strength to the children and animals, and when all else failed they looked to her for solutions. She asked Anton where he had come from before the wreck and he seemed alarmed
ing story, this of a girl wanting to go out
into the States, to find her real place and do something. He offered to help her in any way he could.
ow?"

This text is about a girl who had been taught by Farwell, and she had suddenly developed an interest in deep-sea sailing. Farwell was hesitant to let her go, but he knew it was futile to oppose her. He asked her why she wanted to go and she
This text is about a girl who is determined to try something new and find a place where she fits in, despite being small and ignorant. She is inspired by the other Hornby children who have gone away, even though one of them had a bad experience and died. Farwell is concerned for
Priscilla Glenn is determined to prove her worth by offering to dance for money. She is confident in her ability to dance all day and night, and is prepared to sell her dancing as her only skill until she can learn something else. Anton Farwell is impressed by her enthusiasm and determination.
to do.

Priscilla Glenn was a young girl who was destined to live an extraordinary life. She had a strange soul and was determined to find her way back. Farwell promised to help her get ready, and she promised to consult him before making any decisions.
to make her like other children."

This conversation between Farwell and Nathaniel convinced Nathaniel to allow Priscilla to go to school and pursue her dreams, despite her being different from other children.
never come near the place. I'd have got through my business and gone
without any of this bother."

This text is about Glenn's desire to break his wife's will and make her conform to his expectations of her. Farwell is disgusted by Glenn's attitude, and wishes he
she ever gets
the chance to learn, she may be able to do something for herself and
others. Let her have her head, then, and see what she can make of it."

The summary of this text is that Farwell advises Nathaniel to let Priscilla have her
t matter,
to go where she pleased, so long as she did not slip across the border
where she could lose herself so completely that neither his hate nor
legal power could ever find her.
reed with Priscilla Farwell."

The girl's father had given her freedom to pursue her dream of becoming a dancer, and she had developed a newfound appreciation for him. He had even managed to get her a violin and taught himself to play it, accompanying her dancing. It was predicted
and Jerry was
speaking out against the taking away of his license, not against the making
of Kenmore a teetotal town.
Mary was in her element as she spoke out against her oppressors, using her power to fight back against those who were trying to take away her livelihood. She spoke with no grace or favor, and her words shocked many of her listeners. Despite the warnings of Hornby, she continued to
' settled."

Mary McAlpin challenges Jerry Hornby to train his children better and stand by her, threatening not to give him or his children any more drinks until he does. She is confident in her own children's behavior and believes that if her children were like Jerry's, she would
in hand, escorted Mary McAdam back to her
home, where she was to be re-settled.
on a new suit with a hang-over." This story is about two carefree boys, Tom and Sandy, who sneak drinks while out, but never drink until they are alone. When they get home, Sandy warns Tom that their mother will find out. The next day, their mother insists
for them.

The text is about Mrs. McAdam giving her sons instructions to go out on a boat with their friend Jerry-Jo McAlpin and to take lunch with them. She also tells them to take down the sail from the launch as the weather might not remain calm. Mrs
rely, and the lads--always managed, by clever devices, to escape her eye.

Tom and Sandy managed to escape Mary McAdam's eye by clever devices and took a bottle of whisky and brandy with them on their boat trip, despite Mary's orders to take the sail off
warm us up," he said.

Three boys went out on a boat trip and were warned to be prepared for cold weather. They put on their coats and Sandy brought some bottles, which Jerry-Jo suggested taking a nip from to warm up.
tried to ward off the cold better than a coat, and they all three indulged in this preventive.

Tom, Jerry-Jo, and Sandy are attempting to beat a record by using sail and engine together. They have a steady wind, so they decide to try it. Jerry
Tom and Wyland clinging
to it, and he swam to their rescue.

Tom called to Jerry-Jo to lower the sail, but he failed to comprehend and the little craft shot ahead like an arrow. They were far from shore and a big sea was rolling, with clouds threatening
n Tom and Sandy, with one
accord, threw off their wet clothes, jumped into the water and started
swimming for the distant rock.

Tom and Sandy, desperate and chilled, reached the launch and climbed upon it. They tried to speak, but only a moan escaped Tom
Tom nor Sandy heard him.

Sandy speaks and decides to take a risk by jumping into the water in order to save himself and his companions. Tom follows him, despite Jerry-Jo's pleas for him to come back.
the Lodge.

Jerry-Jo and Sandy had gone out on a boat trip and were now in danger of being lost at sea as night was falling. Mary McAdam was anxious for their safety, and Anton Farwell had been restless all day, waiting for their return.
verse to the Lodge and the evening of the next day.

Mrs. McAdam is talking to Farwell about her dog, Bounder, who knows the engine of their boat. Farwell is impressed by the intelligence of animals, and Mrs. McAdam tells him the time is 6:
from the
border. The officers was after them, but they out-ran them. When they
got to the creek they jumped off the cart and let it go down the
stream. The officers couldn't find it, and they had to go back
empty-handed."

Mary
tell the boys I'm coming!"

This story is about Farwell, who is restless and decides to go meet his friends. He says goodbye to Mrs. McAdam and sets off with his dogs. He is trying to outrun the custom men who are chasing him and his friends, and
me. Keep house till I come back."

Mary McAdam is worried about her son Jerry-Jo going on a fishing trip with Farwell and is asking her neighbours to keep an eye on her house until she returns.
and Jerry-Jo jumped
ashore, laughing and singing. He had been the one to keep the boat from
rocking and yelling for help when no help was needed. He was a rare joke and a spirited young devil.
led in the bottom of the boat,
answered.

In this text, a doctor and Dick witness a boat coming to shore during a storm. The doctor recognizes the man in the boat as Jerry-Jo and the boy in the boat as his son. The doctor and Dick ask the boy
. Mary McAdam, in her grief, had to be
restrained from throwing herself into the sea.

The text is about the aftermath of a tragedy involving the McAdam family and their friend Jerry-Jo. Farwell and Ledyard attempt to revive Jerry-Jo while Mary runs
to do the two things that must be done.
he was a coward.

The story is about Mary, who is commanding Big Hornby to dig two graves for her and her husband's body. She is also going to Anton Farwell, who has been waiting for the inevitable since the night of the tragedy. He had a wild desire to
el, feeling that he had found a
safer course than running away: facing what he must face sooner or later. He could try to help Mrs. McAdam and her daughter, and in doing so, he might win the trust of the people and avoid having a pack of bloodhounds
's job when I see it, and I want to do
what I can. What I'll be permitted to do," he felt would be more true.

The speaker is a father who has lost his sons due to his own misguidance. He is asking for help from Mr
of the doctor at his own expense.

This text is about Farwell, who is being tested by Doctor Ledyard. Mary McAdam has asked Farwell to consecrate the empty beds of her lads, which Farwell knows is a test of his respectability and self-respect
ed the contempt, disbelief, and scorn that would meet the story of his poor, blameless years. Despite this, Farwell was determined to keep going and ignore the looming danger. He agreed to go with Mrs. McAdam and asked her to tell him what she was about to do.
' the coal, was standing with his hands in
his pockets and a look of mingled curiosity and awe on his face.

Mary McAdam and Farwell were about to witness a dramatic scene, in which Mary would keep her word and prove her strength of character.
and crashing on the rocks near the roadway. Farwell, with a gesture of despair, followed her example, and the cask went rolling and bounding down the rocks.

This text describes a scene in which Mary McAdam and Farwell stand near two graves, with Mary having her arms
Mary's command, Farwell opened a keg of liquor and spilled its contents onto the ground, crashing on the rocks near the roadway. He ignored the discontent and the arrival of Doctor Ledyard and Dick Travers, and continued to carry out Mary's orders until the last drop of liquor was
younger.

Mary McAdam's appeal for help to accompany her to the graveyard was answered by the group with curiosity and fear, and they followed her mutely. Farwell, standing with her by the graves, spoke words of helpfulness and recalled memories of the deceased's courage and sunny nature
slept, but Farwell still paced his room.

This story is about Farwell, who attends the funeral of his friend Sandy with the other villagers. He is disturbed by a sneering gaze from Ledyard, who no longer has any doubt of Farwell's identity. Far
el was waiting for Ledyard to explain why he had come. Ledyard had come to Farwell's house to deliver a blow, but Farwell had calmly accepted his presence and was waiting for him to explain his intentions.
Farwell replied that he had parried the blows as one does even
when he sees failure at hand.

This text is about Farwell, a man who was reported dead in the papers some years ago. He is talking to Ledyard, who is angry about Farwell's one
man made a fight to survive on a desert island, and was relieved to tell his story to someone who was willing to listen and understand.
tt, as if it were suddenly too tight.
He had been driven to a state of delirium due to drink and other things, and when he was forced to live normally he began to think clearly and suffer. He faced death with horror, and wondered how he would approach the electric chair
last.

This passage is about a man who has been struggling with mental illness, and the legal and financial struggles that have come with it. He is speaking of his experiences, and comparing himself to a mouse running from a cat, not knowing where it is going.
in?"

The man shook his head. "No, I'm not. I'm done for. I've accepted my
fate and I'm ready to face the consequences of my actions with no fear."
This text is about a man who has committed a crime and is being confronted by the victim's friend. The man argues that justice should allow him a chance to make amends and live a decent life, rather than be punished beyond death. The friend disagrees, saying that justice demands that the man
first to squeal, at his expense."

This text is about two men, Martin and the narrator, who had a history of conflict and violence. The narrator eventually killed Martin, and was put on trial for it. Despite the fact that the narrator had no witnesses to prove his story,
ked out a living by
doing evil. Society was against her, wronged her, and yet she had a
heart, a real heart, and I loved her. Bah!"

This text is about Farwell, a man who was in love with a woman who had a difficult life
it, and she came to me
because she knew I was a man who would not lie to her."

Martin exploited a young girl from the time she was sixteen, convincing her to give herself to him in order to prove her loyalty. Two years later he offered her a second best place
in' to society. You ought to be dead, and yet
here you are, livin' and hopin' to go back to the girl you ruined."

Ledyard is harshly questioning Farwell about the woman he ruined, who is now in New York. Farwell admits
ackle and crow over his success? You have escaped the
penalty of your crime, but you will not escape me. I am going to watch
you day and night, and if you attempt to break quarantine, I'll have
you behind the bars before you can turn around.
Farwell recognizes that he must stay in his self-imposed exile and accept his fate, as going back to his old life would mean that he would be pursued and likely face justice and vengeance. He decides to stay and accept his current circumstances, despite the difficult odds against him.
three."

Mary McAdam, having endured a storm and subsequent happenings, determinedly set her house in order and prepared for a new career. She cleansed and altered her bar into her private apartment and decided to open her doors to tourists in the summer, so that she could keep the
ills and take up life where he had left it
years before.

Mrs. McAdam is an elderly woman who is grateful for her semi-invalid state, as it has allowed her to escape the temptation of her former life. She is relieved to have her old routine back, and
ited
fishing trip. He'd slip away to what was once his own.

The protagonist has been barred from returning to his stupor and is now alert, keen and restless. He has been preparing himself to take a final leave-taking from his living tomb, and is now
owt I'd try me luck at Ledyard," he said.

A man named Farwell is setting off on a journey to Ledyard to test his freedom, despite the fact that he believes he is imprisoned forever. He buys clothes and provisions, and is wished well by Mrs
Mary's words filled him with a deep
sense of responsibility.

The text is about Farwell preparing to go on a journey and Mary McAdam expressing her appreciation for him and her dependence on him. She expresses her gratitude for him and tells him that she looks to his house for comfort when
strange dread having taken possession
of him.

The text is about Farwell, who is travelling and is thankful for the advice of Mrs. McAdam. He stops for the night and is awoken by a feeling of fear. He looks around and discovers that the fire has been replenished,
own way in the world. The thought of her courage and determination
filled him with admiration.

The text is about a man reflecting on the woman he loves and her determination to make a better life for herself. He is hopeful for the future, despite his own difficult circumstances, and is inspired
been
filled with tears.

This is a story about a man, Farwell, who is trying to escape from prison and make his way to independence in an honourable line. He spends the night in the woods, rehearsing the facts of his situation for comfort, and is haunted by
ighed down by the physical and moral
exhaustion, he found no rest or comfort.
fool, but he had to learn his
lesson and God knew he had. 

This text is about a man who has made bad decisions in the past and is now reflecting on them. He realizes that he has to learn from his mistakes and accept the consequences of his actions. He
' guide."

Farwell was filled with a sense of repentance; he wanted, God knew, a chance to be decent and live, but in order to live he must go on acting a part and cringing and hiding.

This story follows Farwell, who is filled with a
task of
being both friend and good guide.

The text is about Farwell becoming a friend and good guide to Priscilla Glenn. He encouraged her dancing and flights of fancy and taught her about life beyond her Kenmore confines. He provided her with a source of light and hope in
ing the future with
uncertainty. Priscilla, too, was being tutored by Farwell in the dangerous
task of educating her in ways that would have appalled Nathaniel and
reduced Theodora again to tears and apprehension.
sex, I'm sure."

Mary McAdam and Long Jean discussed the idea of women having a say in family matters, and Mary Terhune praised Mary McAdam for her views.
rapin
mother."

This conversation between Mrs. McAdam, Mrs. Terhune, and Long Jean is about Jerry-Jo McAlpin, who is causing trouble for his father. They suggest that he should go to the United States to find himself and stop worrying his father.
compliment, God save me!"

This passage is about Mary Terhune making a comment about Priscilla Glenn and Jerry-Jo McAlpin, which Jean bridles at. Mrs. McAdam then asks what Priscilla has to do with Jerry-Jo, and Jean
.

This text is about Jerry-Jo, a young man who has his eyes set on a girl. Mary McAdam expresses her concern, wishing the girl no ill, but that Jerry-Jo does not ruin her life. Jean, meanwhile, is grumbling humorously about her own situation
that I don't like. I'll show him."

McAlpin was determined to make Priscilla secure and protect her from any other male suitors. He was jealous of her interactions with Farwell and resented the idea of her dancing for anyone else. He was determined to
to take her away to the United States, in the hope that her
dancing abilities would bring them both success.
said fervently.

Priscilla had received a book from the owner of Far Hill Place, which she had once cried over. Jerry-Jo had brought it to her and told her it was from the owner, who wanted her to have it. Priscilla was touched by the gesture
Priscilla Glenn is struggling to come to terms with a mysterious gift of books from someone she does not know. She is embarrassed by it, but also wonders why the person sent them and would like to thank them. She confides in Jerry-Jo and asks them to find out who sent
face was alight with understanding. Priscilla had
realized that the boy she had met in the woods was the same one who had
made her dance, and she was overwhelmed with the realization.
years did Jerry-Jo and Priscilla meet. His
face was not pleasant to look upon.

This text is about two people, Priscilla and Jerry-Jo, who have a secret between them. Priscilla has a sentimental attachment to Jerry-Jo and Jerry-Jo
event which had not
passed through their minds, and for many years did Priscilla's name pass
Travers's lips.

Priscilla was a girl from Canada who was considered too spiritual to be "reduced and remodelled" by someone like Jerry-Jo. The
."

Dick Travers had worked hard and achieved success; the memory of Priscilla had faded and the eternal truths of his life had taken precedence. After five years of college and two abroad, he had started his own practice at the age of 25. Meanwhile, Priscilla was 19
of pretty girls, who had been adopted by the old lady, did the
servicing.

This text is about Mary McAdam, an important personage who ran a successful tourist lodge. She was known for running a fair business and providing good value for money. She and Mary Terh
re been a record of small details, for
the most part.

This text is about Anton Farwell, who had lost many blessings in life, but was able to focus on the small details. He had opened a public house, where clean, young Indian girls from Wyland Island served
Ledyard--who had not yet abandoned him.

This text is about a man who had been living a life of lack of interest and purpose. He had been feeling the power of the doctor's contempt, which caused him to distrust himself. He eventually decided to make friends with the
Jerry McAlpin was a priest-like figure to whom Farwell could confess freely. When one of his dogs died, Farwell was genuinely upset. He got another dog, but was hesitant to rely on Priscilla Glenn for support due to Nathaniel, Jerry-Jo, and Pr
'wit as the others. He is kind and sympathetic, and
understands me. He has brought all her powers to bear upon one
ambition."

Priscilla has grown out of her childishness and is determined to seek her fortune elsewhere. She is amused by the offers
oured, too, by the wrongs of her race. The text is about Anton Farwell and Priscilla discussing the possibility of Priscilla becoming a trained nurse in the United States or England, as she had been told there was a demand for Canadian nurses. Farwell was aware of Jerry
inate wall of defense against the old man's opposition.

Jerry-Jo was determined to win Priscilla's love by any means necessary, despite Nathaniel's opposition. He tried to use gentle and tender means to win her over, but she kept running away. He eventually resorted to indirect tactics
ing a plan to manipulate Priscilla into a situation where she would be forced to accept his help and protection, away from her father, in order to be accepted by the community. He thought he was doing it for her own good, but he had not anticipated the Lure, which was always
ah, as he faced the figure of a
woman, whose eyes were fixed on him with an expression of surprise and
pleasure.

The man is reading an old piece of literature and is enjoying it, finding his mind is capable of appreciating it. He is reflecting on the words
her to enter the
Lodge, that he had quite forgotten the transformation was possible.
Priscilla had come to visit Farwell from the Lodge, wearing cast-offs from a wealthy woman. She was excited to show him her new outfit and asked him how she looked as a real lady
isn't it?"

Glenn Farwell had been allowing his guard to loosen, allowing Priscilla to gradually become more comfortable around him, but upon seeing her face he was surprised and put his guard back up again. Priscilla, however, was confident in her appearance and asked him
are so long. Isn't it?"

This text is about Priscilla, an attractive woman who was preening before a mirror and asked Farwell what he thought of her looks. Farwell was mesmerized by her beauty and compared her to Frankenstein's monster. He then explained the reference
odd little smile came across the girl's face--"I think
it is like you and me.

This text is about a girl who has been taught by her teacher, Mr. Farwell, to know herself and to listen to nature. She compares herself to a queer little plant that
Priscilla is determined to leave her home and go to the States, despite Farwell's warnings of the dangers she may face. He fears for her safety and warns her of the trouble she could get into if she is not properly guarded. Priscilla is undeterred, however
home?"

Priscilla's words and the heartfelt emotion behind them moved Farwell and he realized that his own selfishness had kept him from seeing the potential for good in her. He acknowledged his failure, and Priscilla reassured him that she would not fail, despite all he had done
Only training?"

Priscilla is leaving the world she knows and is determined to pursue her own path, despite the fact that it is a big drop in her ambition. She is determined to focus on her own journey and the training she needs to get there, rather than the rewards that may
ly and ungrateful, but I'd love to have him
as a friend--just a friend--for life."

The girl in this text expresses her desire to have a life of freedom and friendship, and to not be bound by the expectations of Kenmore. She also expresses her
I'm wrong," he thought; and he sank back into his chair with a
deep sigh.

This text is about a man named Farwell who is watching a woman, Priscilla, leave his cottage. Priscilla had come to surprise him, but their conversation had become serious
ed him and
tormented him, and he had taken it all as a matter of course, never
dreaming that she did not mean it.

The text is about Farwell, who is unable to forget the horror of Charles Martin's face, and Priscilla, who has
her" refers to Farwell and his girlfriend, and the summary of this text is that the protagonist is realizing that Jerry-Jo, whom she had been flirting with, is not a suitable partner for her and she must take care to make sure he never takes her seriously. She then meets him
' father?"

Priscilla is considering going on an adventure with Jerry-Jo to thank her father's friend, Travers, for the books he had given her. McAlpin is encouraging her to go, despite the fact that her father would not approve.
was touched.

Priscilla agrees to go on an adventure with Jerry-Jo and when he tries to kiss her, she responds with the same words she had spoken to her father years before, warning him not to touch her again or she will hate him forever.
coming danger and declared her
determination to go with McAlpin the next day.

Priscilla has had a confrontation with McAlpin and has decided to go with him the next day despite being scared. Despite the altercation, they part on good terms and Nathaniel's suspicious attitude pushes her
' been a-trifling with, or stay with me!"

Nathaniel is angry with Priscilla for her behavior with McAlpin, and is threatening to force her to marry him if she does not stop. He is also warning her that if she continues, no decent man
best and
brightest.

This text is about Priscilla's decision to go on an adventure despite the tension between her and her father. She takes advantage of a beautiful day and sees Jerry-Jo paddling his canoe around Lone Tree Island. She dresses up in her best and sets
Priscilla is preparing to go on an adventure with Jerry-Jo, putting aside their differences from the night before and using her old red cape as a reminder of happier times. Glenn interrupts them as they are leaving and questions their destination.
Jerry-Jo and Priscilla had gone against Nathaniel's orders and taken a canoe out into the Channel, where they were lost to his sight. Priscilla was wearing a hat with a wreath of flowers and had a defiant look on her face. Despite Nathaniel's attempts to stop
going, if I have anything to say about it," he said,
firmly. "I'd have turned back had you said the word."

The girl was considering leaving her family to start a new life in the United States, and McAlpin expressed his disapproval, saying he
ys, and
he muttered: "You--a girl!"

Priscilla is determined to thank the man who helped her, and then ask his mother for help in finding a safe place to live. She has a feeling of empowerment and independence, and wants to prove to men and boys
ills of the world, you must pay for them," he said with a
sinister smile on his red mouth, showing the points of his white,
fang-like teeth. Priscilla, too absorbed in her own thoughts, did not
notice.

Priscilla was
resh.

Priscilla had arrived at the house of her host, determined to make her presence known and to be accepted. Despite the devil's attempts to stop her, she was determined to make her call and to be reunited with her host and her mother. She was cheered on by a
few
moments.

Priscilla knocked on the door of a house that had been closed up for many years. When no one answered, she decided to make herself comfortable until they came. Inside, the room had an empty and desolate look, although there were some signs that someone had
to wait out the storm. Priscilla had returned to a place after a long absence and found it was caught in a storm. She tried to make the room comfortable and secure the door, but had to accept that she would have to wait out the storm.
Priscilla is feeling uneasy and fearful about returning home and facing people she has risked a lot for. She is also worried about not seeing her friend Jerry-Jo, and decides to brave the storm outside in order to make herself feel better. Despite the dangers of the open, she finds
are you?"

Priscilla had been locked in her house by Jerry-Jo during a storm and was relieved when he finally opened the door. He had locked the door behind him and came forward, laughing, asking her why she was so scared.
the corners.

Jerry-Jo has arrived at Priscilla's home during a storm, drenched to the bone. Priscilla had been waiting for him, and is relieved to see him. Jerry-Jo lights a lamp, providing the room with a new brightness.
here we are, safe and sound."

Jerry-Jo and Priscilla were caught in a storm and found shelter together. Despite their initial discomfort, they shared a meal and Jerry-Jo comforted Priscilla, reminding her that no one could help the storm and they were safe.
are you going to take me with you?"

Jerry-Jo is preventing Priscilla from taking a heavy poker and asking if he will take her with him, suggesting that they would be swamped in the bay if they were there now.
, when you're
left with no other choice."

Priscilla is in grave danger and must defend herself against a cruel and unfamiliar foe. She stands alone, but remains calm and determined to protect herself. Her tormentor believes that by isolating her, they can get what they want
iar than life.

This text is about Priscilla Glenn, who is facing a difficult situation. Jerry-Jo McAlpin has threatened her with a device that will blacken her name and bar her father's house to her, but he says he will marry her if she comes to
her.

This text is about a woman who stands up to a man who is trying to take advantage of her. She tells him that her body is the only thing he can touch and that she will defend it with her life. She also tells him that her soul will haunt him until it
This text is about Priscilla Glenn, who is in the clutches of a cruel man named McAlpin. He holds her close, but does not hurt her. He tells her that he only wanted to prove his power, and that he will wait until she comes to him begging
her lips. She was too stunned, too amazed. She had
been tricked into freedom, and now she was being offered a chance to escape, with a warning that if she failed to do so, she would eventually be taken back and accepted by McAlpin out of love.
irring had so startled her. She was alone in the room and had locked
the door, but her fear was still present. Priscilla was afraid of the clock, believing that its sound had been a sign from the dead.
ally face of the clock, with its white hands pointing to the
hour of five, came into her mind. Priscilla felt that she might go mad if
the clock struck again. 

Priscilla had a terrifying experience at night, when a pale, ghostly face of
and find her
there, her life was forfeit.

The woman was determined to escape her prison and take her chances with Jerry-Jo in the open. She ate the stale bread and meat that Jerry-Jo had discarded and mustered her courage to make a break for freedom, knowing that
ghast. There, framed in the doorway,
stood Anton Farwell, his face alight with mirth. Priscilla had been
outwitted and now she could not combat him.
wharf. Jerry-Jo had made good his promise and Priscilla was free to go home and get what was coming to her. She had been set free by Jerry-Jo who was leaving for the States and had promised to stand by her. Priscilla knew that her father would be
understood; but her quiet dignity and self-control were beyond his
comprehension.

This text is about Priscilla, who has ventured out in a canoe to visit her parents after a long absence. Despite her fear and anxiety, she remains composed and dignified when she
eliness like that?"

Priscilla's father was angry with her for spending the night with Jerry-Jo McAlpin, and his anger was intensified by her calmness and indifference. She had gone to Far Hill Place and stayed there all night, and when he asked her about it
er mother's sake. Ely House instead of coming wet but
clean-charactered to your safe home."

Priscilla's father is offering her a chance to come back home if she shows reason, and promises to stand by her for her mother's sake. He is warning her
eseems him for our mother's sake and his
good name. He has said you must marry Jerry-Jo, and you must."
ing you. It is the only way."

Priscilla has decided to marry Jerry-Jo McAlpin and leave with him for the States in order to keep the peace in her family and avoid the consequences of defying her father.
her eyes, Priscilla had gone. Priscilla is leaving her family to go to the States, despite her family's objections. She and her father have a tense exchange before she leaves, with her father telling her to go and that no honest man will have her. Priscilla says
wife," said Nathaniel, "that she has gone out of our
keeping and into a better one. We have done our duty by her, and we can
do no more."

This text is about a mother and husband who have driven their daughter away because of their harshness. They
Theodora is worried that something bad has happened to the woman who was at their door the night before, and Nathaniel is trying to reassure her that they should wait until the next day before jumping to conclusions. He suggests that she might have gone to Jerry-Jo McAlpin, but
the market-place. "He's took her away to his father's house."

This text is about Priscilla Glenn, who has left home and gone to Farwell's shack to hide. Farwell takes care of her and goes out to find out what is being said about her
-Jo has done well for
himself."

This text is about Mary Terhune preparing a meal in the kitchen of the White Fish, and how Priscilla, a young girl from the Glenn family, has been influenced by visitors to the Lodge. Mary Terhune remarks that
and speak to Jo myself," she said, "and if
she's not as clean as the cleanest, I'll know the reason why."

Mrs. McAdam is defending Jo, who is being accused of something by two women. She is adamant that Jo is innocent and will go
'well?"

Anton Farwell had heard a woman's voice earlier that morning, vowing to take a girl away from her parents if they were mistreating her. He then encountered Jerry McAlpin who handed him a piece of paper which revealed that someone was leaving town on the incoming
ong person?"

This story is about a man named Farwell who has a son who is in love with Glenn's girl. Farwell is warned to stay quiet and not cause trouble. Later, a half-breed named Tom Bluff reveals that Jerry-Jo had jumped on the ste
ard, and now--now I am here,
with no one to turn to but you."

This text is about Priscilla, who has run away from her father's house and is now seeking refuge with Farwell. She has grown up overnight, realizing how much things can change
This text is about a young woman who has recently grown up and is trying to break away from her father's control. She feels that something in her has died and something new has been born, and she sees Master Farwell as her only friend. She wants to leave Kenmore and find
her.

The man's voice was low. "I cannot go with you. I must stay here. I have
my reasons. You must not ask me why, but you must go alone. You must not
have Kenmore!"
ight have to go away.

Priscilla felt compassion for Farwell and accepted the fact that he had done wrong and was in Kenmore as a refugee. She had a strong desire to keep him, even if it meant not knowing the truth of his past.
ained my heart. But I do--I do
know. And I will never forget it."

This passage is about Priscilla's unwavering faith in Farwell despite his attempts to take away her faith. She refuses to believe that he could be anything other than the good person he
,
I will not let it happen to me."

The text is about Farwell and Priscilla, two people in Kenmore. Farwell is about to leave and Priscilla expresses her understanding of how women can be taken advantage of, and her determination not to let that happen
that behind me. I'm going to find my own way in the world,
and if I fail, I will die alone and lonely, but I will not be lost."

Priscilla is determined to find her own way in the world and live independently, despite the warnings of Master
The protagonist, Priscilla Glenn, is determined to start on her own journey and is asking Farwell for help. Farwell is willing to help her and asks her to keep a secret while he goes to make arrangements for her journey.
day I come back
again."

This text is about Priscilla, who is being encouraged by Farwell to leave her home and start a new life in the States. He tells her to forget her past, protect herself, and keep her identity a secret. He also tells her that
owing
happiness I shall find my Heart's Desire."

This story is about Priscilla, who is excited about setting off on a journey to find her Heart's Desire. She is determined to bring happiness to others and believes that in doing so, she will find her own happiness.
day, and Farwell's heart was full of a strange
and solemn joy as he stepped out into the mysterious world, with only
the stars and the moon, and his own courage, to guide him.

This text is about Farwell setting out on a journey in the middle of
its details; he was going to seek help from the only
person who could help him in his mission of mercy, a man who was going
to provide assistance to a helpless human creature. He was travelling in
the dark of night, accompanied by his faithful dogs, with a bowed head
-k or act as he pleased. 

Ledyard's plan for getting Farwell to the trading station was successful. He arranged for Pine to be the guide, ensuring Farwell's constant guardianship and regular reports. Farwell attempted to test Pine's self-control by encouraging him
him. He must act, and act to
his own satisfaction.
ameless transformation, Farwell fell asleep with a feeling of
contentment, comforted by the presence of his companion.
ide the
importance of the telegram.

The text is about Farwell and Pine, two men who have been travelling together in the past. They arrive in a small town and Farwell engages two rooms at a tavern. He buys newspapers and other items, including clothing for a woman
ard, he could
face the world again.

The text is about Farwell, a man who was separated from his one friend, John Boswell. Farwell asked Boswell if Joan Moss, a person he was trying to help, was still alive. Boswell agreed to meet the
tinto the woods for fuel."

Farwell nodded approvingly. He had been successful in his mission, and it
seemed that Priscilla had done her part equally well. He thanked her, and
they talked for a while of the future.

In summary, Far
ailing to find him there, you must
wait. He will not fail you. He will take you to the city and find a
place for you. I have written to him; he knows all about you. He will
take care of you as if you were my own daughter."
go, there might be trouble. From here to Little Corners
is the hardest part, but you must make the journey alone. Halfway, there
is a deserted shanty near the old factory where you can stay for the
night. Once you reach Boswell, you will be safe
' all. Now, be off with you, and may Heaven guard you!"

This text is about Priscilla and Farwell, who are about to embark on a journey to Little Corners, a place where "most honest people let alone". Farwell gives Priscilla some money
with a sudden impulse, he took her hands in his own and kissed
them.

Farwell has given Priscilla money and tells her that he will miss her. He expresses his gratitude for her help and tells her that he may be able to follow her one day. He takes her
anything for me, and he's a good fellow. I'd like you to tell her--what
I was like--tell her I was strong and brave and--and----"

Farwell, forgetting the need for sleep, went on rapidly, expressing his wish for Priscilla
el released Priscilla's
hands. He had asked her to tell his beloved that he was alive and she had agreed to do so gently and kindly to spare her shock.
iscilla's destination as fast as he could.

This summary is about Anton Farwell and Priscilla who set off on a journey early in the morning. They had to hurry as Farwell knew that his guard would be active by noon. They did not talk much and Priscilla
el had gone beyond her utmost
limit.

This text is about Priscilla and Farwell, who have reached a deserted hut near an old factory. Farwell advises Priscilla to rest until morning and expresses his concern for her being alone. Priscilla expresses her love for Far
allied forth, two men, each with his own secret, but with one
purpose in common--to save a life.

Priscilla's father and friend had come face to face and had made a silent agreement to help her escape her trap. They had formed a bond of trust
confidence and ministered to their wants.

This text is about Timothy Goodale, a Canadian man of keen perceptions and a short memory who ran a business on the border of Canada and the United States. He was a friend to all and served his guests himself. He was assisted by a half
stranger! A stranger!" he murmured, and he felt a thrill of pleasure
that the secret of Little Corners was to be shared with another.

This text is about a town called Little Corners that had a bad reputation. Mr. John Boswell and Priscilla
a party of performers," the stranger said. "I'm their
agent, of sorts, and I'm here to arrange for their stay."

The man who had entered was John Boswell, an agent of a circus, who had come to arrange for the stay of a party of performers
miss," said Goodale.

The summary of this text is that a young woman is returning to the States with Mr. Boswell, and Goodale is making sure they have comfortable accommodations. Priscilla Glenn arrives at the inn tired and worn, but with dignity, and asks for Mr
ointed to find no one to answer her questions. Timothy Goodale is a man who is playful with women when he is not being brutal. He is a host and servant to his guests, and he does not trust them to menials. He is not very friendly to Priscilla, but when
iness of Priscilla to make amends for her initial shock of seeing him. He had not presented himself, but his absence gave her time for rallying her forces. She found her way to the little sitting-room by six o'clock and was relieved to find tea things on a table by
onder young people, that is enough. I have seen
their courage and their unselfishness, their loyalty and their
longness; they showed character."

This text tells the story of Priscilla Glenn meeting a stranger, who is disfigured, for the first time. The
of you to think of Farwell's feelings. I promise you that for his sake I will do my best to be your friend." Priscilla said gratefully.

John Boswell and Priscilla have a conversation in which John expresses his admiration for Priscilla due to her close
at him with a new interest. 

This text is about Priscilla meeting a man called Boswell, who is known as the "Property Man" and helps people artistically. He reassures Priscilla and claims for himself what his deformity often retarded. Priscilla begins
been here to guard me."

Priscilla is speaking to a stranger she just met, but she feels a deep connection with them and confides in them her troubles and her desire to forget her worries and be happy.
could
do good work. Master Farwell trusted in me, and I want to prove to him I
was not wrong in the faith he had in me. This is why I have come to you."

Boswell has faith in Priscilla and is willing to help her prove
be no rent to pay, and I
can get along. I am sure I can succeed."

Priscilla is determined to become a nurse, despite her humble background, and is confident that she can succeed with the help of her teacher and the money she has saved.
to be a person of great courage
and selflessness, willing to do a difficult task for someone else with
little expense.
logue is over, and now the real drama begins. The story is that a
girl had a father who died, leaving her alone in the world. A stranger
offered to take her in and help her, and she accepted. The stranger
turned out to be a kind and generous
This story is an allegory about the importance of having a hobby or sport in life. It tells the story of a butterfly who finds herself in a dangerous situation and is offered guidance by a beetle. The moral of the story is that while middle age can be difficult, having a hobby or
Boswell and Priscilla are discussing the dangers of the Garden, and Boswell is wishing they could remain in the In-Place. Goodale comes in and Boswell asks him how far it is to the railway station, suggesting that they may be leaving soon.
aunt
girl from the country, but she did not succumb to its influences. She
had a purpose and a mission, and she was determined to accomplish them.
She and John Boswell started out the next morning to cover the remaining
twenty-six miles to the States, and they
irl found solace in Boswell's apartment, which provided her a sanctuary from the past and future. She was able to distance herself from her grim father, weak mother, and the other people of her past. Despite knowing she would have to eventually face the future, she enjoyed the momentary refuge
ore over his beloved books, or to enjoy the silent
company of Priscilla. John Boswell was fascinated by Priscilla's development and took her on tours of inspection to experience new things. He was proud of her frankness and confidence and learned more of Farwell through her than he
.

This text is about Boswell, a man who was devoted to reading and had a talent for telling stories. He was tested when Priscilla Glenn arrived and his servant Toky disapproved. Boswell then planned to give his servant gifts of appreciation and avoided any other women, as
led of clothing for a woman before, he was
constantly in doubt as to the price and quality of the goods, and
Priscilla, with her sharp eye and ready tongue, was ever at his elbow to
set him right.

Boswell was forced to recognize the
' warm, and the velvet hat and the lace fichu and the
handkerchiefs and the gloves and the ribbons and the----"

Priscilla is delighted to find that she can purchase a lot of clothing for a very low price in the States. She is amazed
irteenth of
each month."

Mr. Boswell has made arrangements for Priscilla Glenn to begin her training, and has found that she will be paid on the thirteenth of each month. He has also managed to buy necessary items for her on a moderate allowance.
umbled into the big chairs and Boswell began to tell Priscilla
about the woman who had offered her a job with a princely sum of ten
dollars a month. He explained that Canadians were greatly in demand and
Priscilla felt guilty and ungrateful for not having
John and Priscilla take their seats near the fireplace and John begins to tell Priscilla what he plans to tell Farwell if he ever sees him again. He admits he has made a mistake and will receive his reward, but he would do the same thing again.
heousness and of wrong, and a
determination to succeed in life. We met in the same position, over and
over again--I, the helpless, unambitious, but determinedly honest
creature, and he, the strong, ambitious, but too often misguided
gent
understand that."

This text is about a man, Boswell, and his friend, Farwell. Boswell found that he could buy things with his money that he would have gone without otherwise, but he was disgusted by the fawning favor he received. Farwell treated him with respect
it, he would tear it down. I do not quite understand how you felt."

This text is about Priscilla's feelings of pity and understanding towards Farwell, a man who had been forced to accept her on equal terms and had discovered her talent for storytelling. Boswell reflects on
attacked the problem with such blind passion?"

The text is about a man named Boswell who is telling a story about a man named Farwell who had feelings for two women, one of whom was outwardly beautiful and inwardly deformed. Farwell tried to protect the woman from
aked, gently.

Priscilla had been listening to the story of Farwell, who had been hidden away and hunted down for an act of insanity. His victim was too big a man to go unavenged, so they tried to finish him, but he escaped. The woman,
I
realized that I was not alone, and that I had a chance to live again.
And I thank you for your aid, slowly, but sincerely."

This text is about Priscilla's act of kindness in helping Boswell, who was in a dark place and had
while I was
hoping that some day he would come back, and then I could give him his
own again."

The narrator is keeping a place for Farwell, who is absent, in the hopes that he will one day return. The narrator also hopes to return Farwell's
This text is about a man who has a deep sentiment and passion for Farwell, a man who is caged and alone in the wilds. The narrator lies to Farwell to keep his belief in Joan Moss and his fortune. Something happens to Farwell which takes away his hope and
little more beautiful, and then--it will have existed no longer on
earth! That is all."

Boswell is comforting Priscilla, who is grieving over the death of Master Farwell. He tells her that he will take care of things and make the story of Master Far
rington. I will see to that. Good night!"

Priscilla and Boswell part ways after Boswell reflects on the difficult life he has had and Priscilla offers him comfort and understanding. He decides to take care of the Joan Moss situation himself and bids Priscilla goodnight
ance against the world. She had grown up.

This text is about Priscilla's transformation from a child to a woman, as she comes to understand her responsibilities and the world around her. Boswell's frankness with her has opened her eyes to the adult world, and she is
ent of the
In-Place and the companionship of Priscilla had been a pleasant
distraction. Now she had to make the decision to leave and pursue her career by entering a private hospital and training school. Boswell was worried for her, but respected her choice.
ifties years of the man's life were changed with the arrival of Priscilla, who gave him the assurance that his deformity did not exclude him from human connection. Priscilla's companionship and friendliness brought him joy, and he hoped that she would remember him and come back to
espun steel.

This text is about the relationship between Boswell and Priscilla. They had a few days of companionship and freedom together and Boswell was proud to see how he had developed Priscilla's tastes and judgment. Eventually, Priscilla had to go to St
ouold have done it, but I did!"

Priscilla Glenn overcame weariness and tested her strength to achieve her goal of being accepted at the In-Place. Despite the difficulty, she kept her cheerful attitude and was eventually successful. Upon finding out the verdict, she was overjoy
mother say if they could see
you now? You are not the same person they used to know. You could never
believe it either; and you will never be the same again as you once were.

Priscilla has experienced a great change in her life, and is feeling
kered the wonderful Place Beyond the Winds, and
there, in the wildwood, her mother was waiting for her.
auntless spirit of adventure, and
cess had won through. She was going to her own, to a place of joy and
peace, where she could find rest and solace. Defeat was over forever, and
cess was ready to start her new life.
never opened until
permission was given.

This is a story of a young girl who is feeling overwhelmed by the expectations of life. She escapes into a moment of joyous dance, but is brought back to reality by the voice of the superintendent. She is reminded of the injustice of the
to
test you."

Mrs. Thomas tapped Priscilla on the shoulder in an uncharacteristic show of approval and admiration for her hard work and dedication to her studies. She was relieved that Priscilla had such a good companion in the strange dwarf and wished she was more prone to
way to glory, if you will, and I shall do my best."

Mrs. Thomas is encouraging Miss Glynn to take a break and get some rest before her important task the next day. She is telling her that it is an honour to be chosen for this task, but she must
be
a great purpose in it, and everything is conspiring to tell me so." Priscilla is determined to pursue a career in nursing despite the difficulties she will face. She is encouraged by the feeling that it is her purpose in life and that everything is conspiring to tell her so.
t will be there--no matter what--there will always
be nothing between me and them. I love it, oh! I love it, Mrs. Thomas!"

Priscilla is going to take a walk in the park and then visit her old friend. She loves the feeling of
istfully she thought. Something
may come, even if you know it isn't coming just then."

Priscilla went for a walk in the park and enjoyed the peaceful atmosphere. She was mesmerized by the beautiful sunset and felt a sense of anticipation for something that may come, even
spoke.

Priscilla had been walking through a park, admiring the beauty of the snow and the electric lights, when she felt something touch her cheek softly. She realized it was snowflakes and quickly set off on a path that would lead her to an entrance near Boswell's
ce.

Priscilla encountered Jerry-Jo McAlpin in a dark and unfamiliar place, and despite her fear, she stayed to help him find his way out.
ingled through her senses like a sweet
electricity.

Priscilla had a pleasant encounter with John Boswell at his house, where he read her some of his manuscript stories and she was moved to tears by the tenderness of one of them, "The Butterfly and the Beetle".
presence is needed."

This text is about a woman who discovers the lonely life of a rich, but miserable man. She remembers what Boswell had told her about his relationship with Farwell Maxwell, her Anton Farwell. She now understands the devotion the cripple had given to the one man
e with him, he will not beseech her. Silence baffles him."
gray eyes and the
faintly flushed face was the one he chose.

Boswell's story is about a man who is devoted to someone, but is worried that the person he loves does not trust him. He fears that when this person finds out the truth about his feelings,
trust in her."

The man had chosen a young woman to help him in his time of need, and despite his doubts and fears, he put his trust in her. She was a professional who was passionate about her work and had been noticed by him before. He believed that she was the
operation began. He looked at her and said: "Self in your hands. I trust
you above any one I know. Do your best for me, and in case I slip through
your fingers I thank you now, and--good-bye."

Ledyard expressed his
minds were working and the necessity which demanded their
success.

The text is about a medical operation that is taking place, with the two doctors and the nurse working together to save the patient's life. It emphasizes the importance of the task and the necessity of success, showing that everyone in the
are of one mind," he said, "patients are
likely to suffer."

The text is about a young nurse who is showing courage and strength while men are battling. She catches the eye of the surgeon's partner, who is impressed by her strength and courage. He stops to give
This text is about Travers, a young and vital doctor, and his partner Ledyard. Ledyard had an ideal that people should leave their sex outside of their profession, and Travers had never been able to fulfill it. Travers was in awe of Ledyard's skill
olled
in her bed, her last thought being of the boy, with his peculiarly
boyish ring in his voice, determined to do his part first and pray
afterward.

Priscilla had heard a street hawker announcing a terrible accident involving Gordon Moffatt, a
The protagonist is in a semi-conscious state, drifting between life and oblivion. Jerry-Jo McAlpin suddenly appears, asking for help to find his way out of the darkness and the noise. She helps him, transporting them both to the Kenmore Green in the early morning,
McAdam had come to Lonely Farm and found his daughter, Priscilla, in the company of Jerry-Jo. Priscilla was welcomed home and the scene was peaceful and natural.
ed
into the longed-for mother.

Priscilla had gone on a strange, breathless hunt for her mother, but in the end she found her. Theodora Glenn was transformed and became the longed-for mother for Priscilla.
asm, symbolizes the joy of motherhood that Theodora had been denied in her life. On the night of her death, Priscilla, her daughter, stands at the window and believes something has happened in Kenmore, a sign that her mother's spirit has been released to its home
elessness. He had
noticed the church tower that had caught her eye and brought a comfort to
her. Priscilla was thinking of writing to Master Farwell to inquire about the outcome of the operation.
ow,
and he is but a poor, prosaic creature, who has no right to expect
anything else."

Boswell was a lonely man who found joy in Priscilla's presence. She had overcome and achieved a lot and it brought him gratification. He appreciated her enthusiasm
ened, by the tears that had gathered there.

The text is about Priscilla's realization that she is doing her best work, and her desire to help others in need. She expresses her feelings of being like an All Mother, taking away pain and fear from those she helps.
ished out of the newspapers
with some difficulty.

Ned and Boswell had a successful business venture and were able to repay the loan with interest. They discussed Master Farwell and the In-Place with a fondness and respect, and Gordon Moffatt's operation went smoothly.
for my own use.

Priscilla met Doctor Ledyard and Doctor Travers during the convalescence of a rich man. Priscilla was assigned charge of the rich man's room while his nurse was absent and she handled his impatient commands and reasoning with him over his dependent condition
.e"

This text is about Priscilla Glenn, a young woman who works as a nurse in a hospital. She is known for her professionalism and concentration. One night, she is woken up by the hospital superintendent and asked to report to Ward Five due to an accident.
, which told
the story of the accident and the man's probable fate. This accident had resulted in serious injury to seven people, with the unknown stranger receiving the worst of it. He was now unconscious and breathing faintly in a hospital bed.
, but that he was a menace she
could not believe.

This text is about a former nurse who recognizes Jerry-Jo McAlpin when she looks down upon him. She remembers him from when he was younger and is initially filled with fear and superstition. However, she soon realizes
es
The protagonist is faced with an unknown person, Jerry-Jo, who is a mysterious figure with an unknown identity and purpose. Despite being unconscious for three days, Jerry-Jo's body grows in strength and attracts the attention of doctors, who comment on his chances of survival. Doctor Travers
the girl it went to the man, and then back again.

Priscilla and Travers attempted an operation to help a poor man who had no place in the world. Priscilla was asked if she would take the chance of the operation for him, to which she responded that
d taken a chance and it had paid off, the man on the bed had regained consciousness and was speaking to Priscilla.
one knows. You are safe. You--you must be
safe!"

The operation was successful, but it was not able to bring the patient back to life. The speaker, who had known the patient in the past, was determined to keep their identity a secret. The patient was grateful
anescent gleams of recognition.

This story is about Jerry-Jo, a half-breed who has been through a lot. He is comforted by Doctor Travers and Priscilla Glenn, and is drifting away peacefully. They all stand together, and are taking care of Jerry
eternity.

This story is about a man named Jerry-Jo, who was very ill and was taken care of by Priscilla. One night, he asked her for a kiss in exchange for a secret. Priscilla kissed him, and he noticed that she was crying. This story
few moments of silence, Priscilla began to tell the story
of Jerry-Jo's friend's life, leading to a better understanding of life and its purpose.
rete, and heard nothing but a pause and a
gasping breath.

Priscilla desperately wanted to know the secret that Jerry-Jo was keeping, but before she could get the answer, he had passed away, leaving her with only a pause and a gasping breath.
on, and Priscilla was soon saying good-bye to
John Boswell. With a sense of having been baffled, defeated, and cruelly
cheated, she dropped her wet face in her hands for a moment before she
went to do her last duty for Jerry-Jo
ake to me yet."

Priscilla and Boswell are discussing her graduation, and he offers to pay for it, referencing a loan from Farwell Maxwell, a mutual acquaintance who has since passed away. Priscilla is hesitant to accept, but Boswell insists.
his pale cheeks, Boswell said: "Ke, but you mustn't bank on
it."

This text is about a conversation between Boswell and Priscilla, in which Priscilla compliments Boswell's writing style. Boswell is pleased but cautions Priscilla not
of meditation was there in her face.

A generous man gave Priscilla a box containing a gown, slippers, gloves, a lace scarf, long gloves, and silken hose for her graduation night, which she was delighted with.
pt, for the shrine in Kenmore had grown and grown upon his face.

This text is about Boswell, who is moved by Priscilla's gesture of acceptance and offers to come and watch her dance. He is overwhelmed with emotion and is moved to tears when he realizes how much
the music stopped, and Priscilla, with a little
embarrassed laugh, came over to him.

This text is about a young man watching a group of young women in uniforms of white receive their diplomas in a chapel. He notices one girl in particular with burnished hair
of Mrs. Thomas and the conversation and he was looking for an excuse to leave. Mrs. Thomas suggests that he should speak to Doctor Ledyard about hiring Miss Glynn as a companion-nurse for Miss Moffatt who is not really ill but in a nervous condition.
o--"

The text is about Dick Travers visiting his old friends, Doctor Ledyard and Helen Travers. He had been away for many years and was reminded of his childhood in the old lodge. He had an urge to take his mother and Doctor Ledyard there, but
vesty of a nurse
would be out of place."

This text is about Helen Travers expressing her pride in her friend Dickie for taking the time to watch some little girls play. Ledyard expresses his doubts about the girls being nurses and Dickie reveals that one of them was
stayed, and the path
up the mountain side, and the joy of the climb, and the sunset from
the summit.

This text is about a family discussing a trip abroad for themselves and inviting another girl (Miss Glynn) to come along. They are also discussing the Moffatt
iors
have spent so much of the summer while he and she were abroad!"

This passage is about two friends, Travers and Richard, discussing Helen Moffatt's plans to travel the world in search of her true self. They comment on how this would be a bad match for her father
ambled on, "I'm going to
try to find myself in some cranny of the old world. I'm determined to
have my own way, and perhaps I shall find something that will make me
happy."

The text is about Margaret Moffatt's determination to find her
and gloves? Will you call at eleven to-morrow and
see if you consider me sufficiently damaged to require your care? From
what father says, I am prepared to succumb to you at once. Both father
and I like strong oppositions!"

Margaret Moffatt is inviting Pr
brown as mine--but you have the most
cheerful hair I ever saw."

The speaker is complimenting Priscilla on her cheerful hair and asking her to accompany her on a trip.
story has struck a chord with her, and she expresses her understanding and willingness to support her in her journey of self-discovery.
Priscilla was moved by the girl's plight and offered to help her find herself. She agreed to start in a week and the girl offered her money in advance for her salary.
Margaret Moffatt's simple and frank dignity had left a positive impression on her, and she was rewarded with a check for two hundred dollars and a box of yellow roses. Priscilla was now on the path to a better life, with hope of high peaks in sight.
oked by the scene, by
her side.

Priscilla had a successful interview with Margaret Moffatt, and was able to pay off her debts with two hundred dollars and a full month's money from St. Albans. She spent the day shopping and looked forward to the evening with
ing him, and the children running to meet him.

Priscilla had decided to write to her father to let him know of her wellbeing and ask Master Farwell to tell them about it. She imagined Master Farwell going to her home with the dogs and children running to meet him.
upon her.

Priscilla has encountered her old teacher, Master Farwell, who she thought was long gone. She is surprised to see him and calls out his name, and he turns to look at her.
lll truthful; your heart--ah! your heart is still the same!"

This text is about Priscilla Glenn, who is reunited with her friend and helper from her stormy girlhood. Priscilla is overwhelmed with emotion upon seeing him again, and he is glad and thankful
velled in
the dust of sorrow."

The old man paused, and then smiled as he looked at Priscilla. "But that
is all past now. We will not speak of it. I will smile and you will
smile. Oh! Priscilla, the
Farwell, are old--very
Priscilla has told a story about her beloved Jerry-Jo, who went away and never came back. She and Mr. Boswell found a quiet spot for him to rest in, and she believes he will eventually return and reunite with his father.
's--me!'"

This text is about Farwell learning of his mother's death from a girl he had been speaking to. He is surprised to find out that she did not know that her mother had died, and he tells her the story of her mother's passing, which is a beautiful
lickered from the
windows on the lower floors.

This passage is about Farwell and Priscilla, two people who were passing by. Farwell has gone off to play on Wyland Island, leaving Pine behind as his "ball and chain". Farwell has returned for ten days
ameless one who paid your debt. He is the one who has
sacrificed himself for you."

Priscilla is trying to keep Farwell and Boswell together, despite Farwell's debt to Boswell. Farwell has been lying to, cheating, and playing with Bos
for your sake!"

This text is about a man who has been kind and loving to another person, despite being lied to and cheated on. The other person is now coming back with hate and revenge, when they have the power to give the man what he wants most in the world - themselves
el opened the
door and Farwell came out.

Farwell has gone to Boswell to thank him and pay him for all he has done for him in the years of his loneliness.
laughter in this room," Priscilla said. "Toky has made us
laugh, and now we will have the dinner."

Priscilla, Boswell and Farwell laughed as Toky had never heard him laugh, showing their appreciation of his efforts to make the dinner look beautiful
silent.

This text is about Priscilla, Farwell, and Boswell discussing Priscilla's plans after dinner. Farwell is surprised to hear the names of Ledyard and Travers, but Boswell advises him to keep silent about his knowledge.
led in a smile.

This text is about Priscilla and Boswell, and how Boswell is going to live in Kenmore, a place beyond the winds. Priscilla is moved by the thought of Boswell living there, and Master Farwell is also happy for him.
ue you have been born there," said Boswell, gently.

This text is about Priscilla, Master Farwell, and Boswell discussing the Garden and the life they lead there. Priscilla speaks of the beauty of the Garden and how Master Farwell will love it, but
outside," she said, "but the stars are so bright.

Priscilla has realized that she is free to follow her dreams, and Boswell and Farwell wish her a safe journey. They all go outside to look at the stars, which are bright despite the darkness of the night
Priscilla and Margaret were enjoying the view from a Swiss inn on a beautiful night. Priscilla was reflecting on her past life and Margaret commented on her hair, which she thought should be rewarded for making people cheerful.
illa, I have a great longing for a real
friend, a girl friend.

This text describes Margaret Moffatt's desire for a true friendship with Priscilla Glynn, free from the expectations and labels of society. She longs for a genuine connection with someone, and the two
ough
for two; let's go for a row!"

This text is about Priscilla, who was a lonely and weird child who had never had a girl friend before. She was presented with a label but she wanted to find out the truth for herself. She meets someone who she
selessly row, they explored the lake and the woods, and learned to use
oars and a paddle, and discovered the joy of being in control of their
own power.
gto understand and sympathize, they played
the hours away like children.

This text is about two people, Margaret and Priscilla, who have known each other for a long time. Margaret believes that their true selves have been acquainted for generations, and they spend the hours together playing
esed.

Priscilla replied that this was the way to make it go the way she wanted it to.

This is a conversation between Margaret and Priscilla in which Priscilla is teaching Margaret how to row a boat. Margaret reflects on how she used to believe that
woman, with a laugh.

This is a story about Priscilla and Margaret, who went to a small village across a lake. While there, Margaret encountered a small child and was deeply moved by the child's story of a new baby in their house. The native woman also laughed
, Priscilla, and
God will bless you."

This story is about a woman, Margaret Moffatt, who shows great tenderness and compassion when she encounters a poor woman and her baby. She provides financial assistance, and encourages her maid, Priscilla, to take time to
-operation with the doctor.

Margaret is moved by Priscilla's ability to show love and care for children, regardless of their background or circumstances. She reflects on how she has never had the opportunity to experience real children in her life, and appreciates Priscilla's skill in
puts it.
The little children--the roses of life--are the only ones who come
unbidden, with no price to pay."

This text is about the narrator's realization that her maternal instinct has always been strong and that she has been longing for more than just her specialized work
ingly exclaimed, and Priscilla said:

Priscilla is reflecting on how nurses and doctors both have different ways of showing love and care for their patients, and how it can sometimes come with a price. She and Margaret agree that love should always be present, and then Doctor Travers
d the three of them laughed and talked and ed merrily.

Margaret, Priscilla, and Doctor Travers laughed and talked at the inn, enjoying each other's company. They found themselves in this place and embraced the experience.
Doctor Travers stayed with Margaret and her mother for some time, gaining weight and looking youthful, much to the delight of the old housekeeper.
ast.

Priscilla noticed that her young lady had changed and was no longer comfortable. She began to think that a drama of life was being enacted in the village, and that Doctor Travers was staying on to please Margaret.
Priscilla and Margaret admired Anton Farwell's concept of friendship and developed a strong bond with each other. They enjoyed long walks, drives, and rowing on the lake. They also read, sang (poorly), and went to a village fte where they entered into the
Priscilla took advantage of a moment's pause and ran into a little ring formed by admiring friends, where she performed separate native dances with a grace and picturesque movements, while Travers watched her with a puzzled look. She seemed bewitched and danced with uplifted eyes and smiling
red from Travers' mind.

This text describes a scene in which Priscilla is dancing and the people watching her are wild with delight. The musicians are unable to keep up with the dance, so they drop their instruments and admire. Priscilla pleads for them to play,
was crying softly, and her voice was muffled.

Priscilla is exhausted after dancing in the heated, breathless room and is comforted by Travers, who is amazed by her dancing abilities. She reveals that she learned to dance from a place she heard music from before and apolog
the shadows too long."

This text is about Priscilla Glynn, a nurse, and Doctor Travers having a conversation. Priscilla is about to go back to her job, and Doctor Travers is trying to convince her to stay and embrace a life of joy and love.
love you--without a past or a
future. This is a magic place where we can be together without a past or a
future, and I want to make it our happiest night."

This is a romantic story of two people who find love in a magical place without any ties to
immered beneath the surface of
this one.

The text is about a man and a woman who are in love, but the woman is hesitant to commit because of her obligations in the future. The man is determined to have her, but then Margaret Moffatt arrives and interrupts the moment.
asive thoughts and
longings.

The text is about a woman (the narrator) who notices the effect of another woman (Priscilla) on a man (Travers). She is wise enough to understand the situation and decides to take action. She sets in motion a plan that will
iuld be hollow and meaningless.
t the least doubt of it," he replied, with a smile.

This text is about three people who stayed at a small inn and experienced a momentous night. In the morning, Margaret decides to write a letter that will take her an hour and a half, and the other two agree
Priscilla and her friends are planning to go on a picnic to explore The Ghost, a mountain, at nine-thirty with a servant and Mousey. Travers will catch the eleven o'clock train and they will have a picnic lunch. Priscilla is told to wear
, and the path is narrow. Too late, the ghost will
chill your blood."

This text is about a group of people who go for a walk up a mountain trail. The speaker, Travers, warns the group that the path is dangerous and suggests they should have guides.
night. I want you to be my wife."

This text is about two people, Travers and Priscilla, who are in a high place and Travers is expressing his love for Priscilla. He tells her that he wants her to be his wife and Priscilla is
by
the beauty of the evening. They had said nothing, but they both knew that
they loved each other and nothing else mattered.
forget this moment."

This is a scene in which Travers and Priscilla, two lovers, are reunited and share a moment of perfect happiness together. Priscilla feels no shame in taking the moment, and they both cling to it, with Travers admiring the beauty of Pr
ony, dreamy morning as this, I was walking
in the woods, and I stopped by a little pool and looked down into it.
And suddenly I saw myself as I was, and the world as it is, and I said
to myself, 'What is there more that I
The text is about how the narrator found themselves alone and realized that life meant one thing: the biggest fight or the meanest defeat. They knew that every passion they had could either help them in the fight or trample them under its feet. Through temptation and the long fight, they knew
ceeded in making it true--that love can be
given without the equivalent to offer in return."

This text is about two people who have found love and have chosen to give it freely without expecting anything in return. They understand the power of love and how it can be shared without any
ald--that they must stop playing and face the future.
istered in the
last embrace of the mountain. She did not call out; she did not plead for
aid, but youth could not relinquish its rights without a struggle, and
his eyes were so heavenly kind.

This text is about a man, Travers, trying to save
had all alighted, and were standing around
them.

The text describes a scene in which two people, Priscilla and Travers, are in love and share a moment of intimacy. As a train passes by, Priscilla whispers that she loves him and would have given
not think I can. I am too excited--I had come back to see what had
happened."

This story is about Priscilla and Margaret who are having a conversation in Priscilla's room at the inn late that night. Priscilla is weak and bruised,
t want to sleep. She wanted to live! I want to live, too!"

This passage is about two friends, Margaret and Priscilla, who are discussing how Priscilla's love for a man named Travers has enabled her to find joy and life. Margaret is inspired by
,
comforter, and adviser, all in one.

This text is about Margaret, who is struggling with her life and has been through a traumatic experience. She meets a friend who is a nurse and shares her story with her. She then meets Doctor Ledyard who is a
children, in
all the beautiful things of life."

This text tells the story of Priscilla, who was struggling with the idea of having children and the potential for them to suffer from deformity. She was comforted by a friend who told her to focus on the beautiful things in
share
the glory together. But now--oh, now--let us keep it all to ourselves."

Priscilla and Travers agree to keep their love a secret for now and share the glory later.
'd
not have done it myself. I coul'd not have done it for you."

This text is about Priscilla and Margaret Moffatt, who have experienced a miracle of love. Priscilla is expecting to face difficult questions from Margaret's mother and Doctor Ledyard,
dy as he wishes. Priscilla is ready to
die for her, live for her, and do anything for her. She is the first and
only woman in the world for Priscilla.
ordan from his daughter for a time, and Priscilla
was the only one who could comfort her. The two girls were reunited and
made a journey together, and when they returned, Priscilla decided to
stay and help Riordan with his daughter.

Priscilla and
to love you even more than
she does me," wrote Travers.

This text tells the story of Richard Travers and Priscilla, who were in a secret relationship. Helen, Richard's sister, contracts a fever and Richard takes her to Paris for recovery, leaving Priscilla
a young man of great
wealth, and I need not emphasize the importance of treating him with
the utmost delicacy.

Priscilla is asked by Doctor Hapgood to take on a case that requires tact and efficiency. He emphasizes the importance of treating the client, Clyde Huntter
ints of a past life, of which she knew nothing, and which it was her
duty to ignore. She had to use her utmost sympathy and patience to help
him out of his present difficulty, and to make his future secure.
thereal eyes--I
shall have to do something desperate."

This text is about a man who is in a state of gloom and depression, and a woman who is trying to comfort him. He appreciates her presence and her efforts to make him feel better, admiring her hair and asking
's lives
during your nursing. Do you think they have been treated fairly by men?
The narrator is asking the nurse, Miss Glynn, if she believes women have been treated fairly by men.
In other words, is there anything that would
destroy your love?"

Priscilla's answer was a quick, emphatic negative. She had seen too
much of the world, and knew too well the power of love, to be able
to answer otherwise. Priscilla is
less, she was a friend.

This text tells the story of Priscilla, a nurse, and Huntter, her patient. Huntter is questioning if his love for Priscilla is the biggest thing in his life. Priscilla is trying to get Huntter to open up
aton had left her feeling that there was
something in the man that she had never seen before. She had a feeling
that she wanted him to live up to the best in him, despite the grim fact
that separated them. She was drawn to him by his kindest words and gestures,
inner
caught in the very act of sin, she hastened to her own room.

Priscilla had overheard Huntter and another person discussing her, and the other person had advised Huntter not to marry her due to the risks involved. She was so upset by it that she
unts me I shall have to marry you?"

Priscilla had a sudden, blinding shock of understanding. She realized that Huntter had been warning her about the night nurse and that his proposal was his way of protecting her.
This text is about a man, Mr. Huntter, who is recovering from an illness and is having a visitor. His nurse, Miss Glynn, is leaving soon and he is thanking her for being a good nurse and a good friend. He also mentions that she was in Bermuda and
estimation, then," said Priscilla,
half-jokingly. Huntter smiled and nodded. "Here are the flowers! Oh,
what beauties!"

Huntter appreciates Priscilla's care and kindness, and expresses his gratitude by presenting her with a bouquet of
a knock at the door.

The text is about Priscilla who is feeling pleased that someone has a good opinion of her. She is then asked to leave by her employer, Mr. Huntter, as his fiance is arriving. Priscilla feels like she is near a
ke back, and the door opened.

Margaret and Huntter had been reunited, and Priscilla had to face the consequences of Huntter's secret.
secret."

The text is about Priscilla Glynn who is facing her friend, Huntter, who is about to marry another woman. Priscilla is worried that Huntter will mention her name to the woman, but Huntter reassures her that he never mentioned her name and that
,e she almost yielded to
despair. Then she thought of Huntter and the world he had so
unselfishly opened to her.

The conclusion was that Priscilla Glenn had one friend in all the
world--her one woman friend, Margaret Moffatt.
to which
she could fly for counsel and help.

Priscilla is struggling to decide whether or not to interfere with Margaret and Hunter's relationship, despite her professional silence and the risk of Margaret and Hunter not believing her. Despite the difficulty, she decides that she must speak up, as
?

Priscilla was in a difficult situation, feeling torn between her duty and her love, and with no one to turn to for comfort or advice. She had taken a small suite in a family hotel, where she was unable to find peace or rest. She was growing weak and lonely
Priscilla had been feeling helpless and alone, but when she saw Travers again she was filled with joy. He embraced her and took off her wet coat and hat, and they talked about how it was wrong for men to deny women intelligent choice. He comforted her and they shared their
urchin of old in the eyes, but the lips tremble."

Priscilla tried to smile, but collapsed miserably.

Priscilla tried to put on a brave face, but was too overwhelmed with emotion to manage a smile. Travers noticed her distress and tried to
, "We are going to have a good talk and get to the bottom of this. I'm going to get you in shape and we are going to have fun together."

Travers is determined to make Priscilla feel better by encouraging her to talk and providing her with a comfortable and
ager to have you, to be
your wife--as soon as you can be free."

The man and woman embrace, with the man promising to take care of the woman and her troubles and to bring her to his mother. The woman is also worried about Margaret Moffatt, who is
akily, "I--I was outside the door."

The summary of this text is that Priscilla has just discovered that Margaret, a friend of hers, is engaged to Clyde Huntter. However, Doctor Hapgood has told Clyde that he is not fit to marry Margaret,
ry, and the man e described the little scene
graphically.

The man is trying to convince Priscilla to leave the situation with Margaret Moffatt's marriage to Huntter to him, as it is a complicated situation and Priscilla is too unworldly to understand it. He
used Priscilla. She paused,
looking away from the straining hands.

This text is about Priscilla and Travers discussing their relationship. Priscilla is telling Travers that they need to stand up against the world's forces that are against them and believes that if they
ate'er was
done. This is the tragedy of the ages!"

Priscilla is passionately arguing that women have been denied the opportunity to choose and that this has led to a great injustice that has been perpetuated through the ages. She believes that men have tried to right this wrong
."

Priscilla and Travers have realized that men and women must work together to help the world, and that it is wrong for women to leave it all to men. Priscilla is feeling the injustice that men have put on women and Travers is trying to reassure her that he
I shall be ruined?"

Travers nodded.

This text is about a conversation between Priscilla and Travers, in which Travers warns Priscilla that if she goes to Margaret Moffatt with the truth about her relationship with Huntter, Huntter will defend himself by sending
's words came back to her.

In this text, a woman named Priscilla is questioning a man, Travers, about what will happen when the secrets of the confessional are attacked. Travers suggests that a man named Hapgood would flay her alive because of professional honor
man."

Travers and Priscilla have a disagreement about the rights of women. Priscilla believes that women should stand together and work to gain equal rights, while Travers disagrees. Priscilla is determined to stand alone and fight for what she believes in, leaving it to no
life of
unselfishness and of love. That is what I must do--follow my ideal,
follow the truth, and, if I do, I shall find him and the peace of God."

The woman is going to be true to her ideals and follow the truth,
eded her the right to follow
her ideal, and wished her well. He said goodnight and left.
The text is about a man named Travers who is reflecting on the role of women in society. He is inspired by Priscilla, who is an example of a modern woman, and he realizes that women should not be left behind in the fight for progress. He is determined to follow
yong his own passionate and personal feelings, this man had discussed the issue of confronting a "cursed evil" with his friend and partner many times. He was advocating for a cautious approach and to avoid playing the game like fools, as it would lead to the quacks and money-makers getting
'ts the matter? You look as if you had seen a ghost."

Two women, representing all women, had been standing before Ledyard's reasoning. One, a child of nature, was unhampered despite love and suffering, while the other was a daughter of refinement and culture
ume of anger clouded Ledyard's face.

The text is about a man named Huntter who has been living in New York under the care of a doctor named Hapgood, contrary to what another doctor, Ledyard, believed. Dick has come to tell Ledyard
abel Glynn."

The two men looked at each other. Lush dyed Ledyard's face, and he
turned away.

This text is about two men, Ledyard and Travers, who are discussing Travers' engagement to Priscilla Glynn. She
ard, I know her now. I understand. I
know why she said 'She knows' and 'good-bye.'"

This text is about Dick Ledyard receiving a mysterious message from Helen, his fiance, which he believes to be a warning. He speaks with his
.

The story is about Priscilla coming to terms with the fact that she and Travers must part ways, but understanding that her love for him is still strong, and that they both bear responsibility for the outcome.
irie, and had taken her away. Now, with the
final act of her life, she was sending her beloved away from the
impending destruction.

This text is about a woman who is sacrificing her own safety and security in order to protect the man she loves. She is sending
been
here?"

The story is about two people, Margaret and the narrator, who has been away in Bermuda. Margaret is surprised to see the narrator and questions him about what he has been doing. The narrator reveals he was wearing his cap and apron and that Doctor Travers had come
a low voice,
filled with emotion. 

Margaret Moffatt is excited to tell Priscilla that she is going to be married to Mr. Clyde Huntter in June. She offers Priscilla some chocolate and then reveals the news.
has, I am ready to give what he demands."

This text is about Margaret, a woman who is ready to defend what she worships. She is told a cruel truth by Priscilla and takes it like a Spartan woman. Despite the pain, she remains courageous and is willing to
morrow; I am ready.

Priscilla's heart was wrung by the weak, pain-filled voice of the speaker, who expressed their love for someone and the belief that their love was better now than ever before. They asked Priscilla to understand that the person they loved was
her, and the Place Beyond the Winds not far away.

Priscilla has decided to leave her home and travel to the Place Beyond the Winds, a mysterious destination. She settles her affairs with the night clerk, packs her possessions, and departs without leaving any directions. She will take
ig him to come back.

Priscilla had left for the West, leaving Ledyard with a letter from Tough Pine saying he had quit his job and suggesting that Ledyard should bring back the man he had replaced.
--"

Ledyard had heard it all before, and he was not in the least moved.
He had heard of Pine's dabbling in good and evil, and it seemed to him
that the man had grown big and white by having fun at the expense of
others
ful foot in my house that disaster would follow."

This text is about a man, Moffatt, who is worried about a story that could ruin his reputation and his daughter's relationship with her lover, Huntter. He is speaking to Ledyard, who suggests that the story should die
it."

The father and daughter had a disagreement about whether the daughter was a good omen or not. The father asked for help from Ledyard, who was their friend, and Ledyard agreed to talk to the daughter. When they met, the daughter accepted the situation and tried
losing our own souls."

This text is about Margaret and her father's weapons. Margaret does not want to use her father's weapons and wants to wait to see Hunter. She wants to make him feel the same way she does and to do it in love. She believes that the world will
must go my own way, and that the burden I have to carry is too heavy

This text is about a man who has realized that he and other men have not been fair to women, and he is determined to make things right by loving a woman, even if it means sacrificing his
Ledyard is feeling defeated and dejected after all his efforts have failed. He is questioning the truth and conviction he thought he had, and decides to go to the town where he and his mother lived before, to be alone and find some answers. When he arrives at Helen Travers
husband's voice was broken--"we have lost him. We can
only pray that he may find his way back to us."

This text is about a woman and her husband who have been caring for a boy, Dick, and he has gone to his real mother. The woman is
. Come, let us go together and see if we can help him. We will go
to the crack in the Alps and try to make a new life for ourselves."

John Ledyard and Helen have decided to go to the crack in the Alps in order to start a new life
--about Dick. I think--she's going to
marry him--some day."

This text is about a conversation between Helen and her father, Ledyard, regarding her brother, Dick, and his future. Helen is worried about her brother's future, but Ledyard
mystery of Margaret's broken engagement, but it is unlikely that anyone will ever find out what happened. Dick has left the profession and may take up writing instead. He believes that the pen is mightier than the pill and can provide a better life than medicine."
sterfield, feeling the old chill of
loneliness and desolation.

This text is about Travers, a man who is revisiting his old home and feeling the loneliness of the past. His wife is discussing with Ledyard how she wants to provide for her husband with the
owing a
glimmer of love and hope in his heart.

Travers is reflecting on his mother's words of wisdom and comfort, vowing to make no mistakes and to play fair in love for her sake and his own.
.

The story is about Priscilla Glenn, who had left her beautiful love and life and was returning home. She was feeling hurt and bruised, and was filled with sadness at the thought of the desolate wreck she had left behind.
men of good luck.

This passage is about a woman named Priscilla who is feeling sad and overwhelmed as she reflects on the struggle between men and women. She is on a boat headed to the Lodge, but she cannot go there yet. Suddenly, she is comforted by the presence
which he could not live, from his own home to the
cottage, and Tony, the collie, who used to play with Priscilla when she
was a little girl, was there to welcome her.
oon
Priscilla's face was their only explanation.

Priscilla was sitting in a welcoming chair, close to her own small rocker, in a room filled with needless luxury. She was struggling to maintain her composure and bravely smiled when the men entered the room.
innned face.

Priscilla has come home after a difficult time, and Farwell and Boswell are comforting her. She is tired and hungry, and they offer her breakfast. After the meal, she tells them very little, but they can tell from her appearance that she has been
zed us all
with his stories of his son's wealth. He'll never get there, poor old
fellow!"

This story is about Priscilla, who is told that her father has had a stroke and is now blind. Long Jean is caring for him, and he doesn
to help her, and were her loyal friends.

The story ends with Jerry finally reaching his destination and being reunited with his son, Jerry-Jo, while Mary McAdam looks after him and the village children play with him. Priscilla is accepted by the village, and is comforted
arkened to her voice, and
recognized it as the same he had heard in his dreams. The old man smiled
over her and cheered her as best he could.

Priscilla's visits to her father's house were met with initial suspicion from Glenn, but he gradually warmed
'
without it!"

The man had become accustomed to the woman's presence and was using her as a distraction from his own dark thoughts. He asked her about the weather and then questioned her about her education. He seemed to resent her pity, but eventually accepted her as a companion.
ner, "but I can't make out what it means. It's an altar to a God
unknown. What can that mean?"

This is a conversation between an old, blind father and a stranger-girl. The girl reads a passage from the Bible which the father has difficulty understanding
d," Priscilla said, "he should be with us in the Garden, not in a shrine or altar."

Nathaniel and Priscilla are discussing the idea that God should be present with us in the Garden, rather than in a shrine or altar. Priscilla believes
ierce the future,
and in a sudden burst of faith she cried out: "O God, if thou art indeed
the God of my father's house, if thou art the God of all souls, if thou
wilt come and walk with thy children, then I will not stay upon
far away.

Priscilla called out longingly for her garden, her "dear love and Margaret's". She was overwhelmed by memories of her and Margaret's past, and in a frenzy of emotion she destroyed the old, bleached skull that had been a shrine to an unknown god
and, far and wide, to find the
Secret Portage, and here he stood, looking upon a woman who seemed to
be a symbol of the strength and courage he had lost.
--"

The man had been searching for weeks for the woman he had met at a dance from the Far Hill Place and had finally found her in an open space. They both expressed surprise and he realized that she was Priscilla Glenn of Lonely Farm. They remembered the dance they had attended
and to show me the way out of the Swiss village."
allied
with my own ideal, and I thought it was--some other woman! Priscilla,
you are my own ideal--the one I have been seeking all my life! Strike
your blow for women--my love--for me!"

Priscilla and Travers
idden him a brief farewell--"to think that I, too,
should be a part of this secret--this mission of love and freedom!

This story is about two people, Travers and the girl, who have a strong connection and love for each other. Travers wants her
Travers and Priscilla had a moment
of joyous reunion after a long separation. They shared a deep love and were
filled with a sense of peace, comforted by the thought that their happiness
could bring peace to Margaret.
I have written and be glad."

This text is about Priscilla and her partner, who have decided to leave Kenmore, their current home, and go to the Place Beyond the Winds. Priscilla is worried about how they will be received there, but her partner is determined to
homeless woman, and they might not be willing to listen to her."

Travers and Priscilla are going to Master Farwell's to get married and take John Boswell with them to the chapel. They hope to be able to take Priscilla away with them on the steamer
ou

This is a story about Travers and Priscilla, two people who find love and courage in the face of a difficult situation. Despite the obstacles they face, they find a way to be together and look to the future with optimism.
commercial
purposes.

This text summarizes the license for the works found in the URL provided, which states that the works are in the public domain, and can be copied and distributed without permission or paying copyright royalties. It also states that the works can be used for nearly commercial purposes.
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement.  If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy
all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your
you follow the terms of this agreement
and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works.

This text is summarizing the terms of a Project Gutenberg-tm license and intellectual property agreement. It states that if a person does not agree to the terms of the agreement,
This agreement states that the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation owns a compilation copyright in the collection of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works. People located in the United States are allowed to copy, distribute, perform, display or create derivative works based on the work as long as all references to Project Gutenberg are
fthis work (or any other work associated in any way
with the phrase "Project Gutenberg"), is accessed, displayed, performed,
viewed, copied or distributed:

This agreement states that you can comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping the work in the same format with its
for the use of the work and the
Project Gutenberg-tm trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or
1.E.9.

This text explains that anyone can access, display, perform, view, copy or distribute a Project Gutenberg-tm work at no cost

This text is part of the Project Gutenberg-tm License and outlines the rules for converting and distributing the work in any binary, compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any word processing or hypertext form. It also states that no fee should be charged for access
iting (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
     does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
     License.  You must require such a user to return or
     destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium
ec Gutenberg-tm trademark.

This text outlines the process for a user to return or destroy copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work if they do not agree to the terms of the license. It also states that a full refund or replacement copy must be provided if a defect in the work is
This text describes the efforts of Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees to create a collection of public domain works, as well as the possible defects of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works. It also states the limited warranty and disclaimer of damages for the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation.
This agreement states that the Foundation, the Trademark Owner, and any Distributor under this agreement disclaim all liability to the user for damages, costs, and expenses, including legal fees. The user agrees that they have no remedies for negligence, strict liability, breach of warranty, or breach of
unenforceability of any
provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.

This text states that if the work received is defective, the person or entity providing it may choose to give a second opportunity to receive the work in lieu of a refund. If the second copy is
in unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions, meaning that if one part of the agreement is unenforceable, the other parts will still be valid and have to be followed.
nted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service. The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541. Contributions to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent
permitted by U.S. federal laws and
Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non-profit 501(c)(3) organization with an EIN (tax identification number) of 64-6221541 that has been granted tax exempt status by the Internal Revenue Service. Financial contributions are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by U.S
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

Project Gutenberg-tm is a nonprofit organization that relies on public support and donations to increase the number of public domain and licensed
tenberg is a library of electronic works that can be freely shared with anyone. It was founded by Professor Michael S. Hart and has been running for 30 years with the help of volunteers. Donations are accepted in various ways, however international donations are accepted but cannot be given tax treatment due to US
Enberg-tm eBooks are created from printed editions which are confirmed as Public Domain in the US, and do not necessarily comply with any particular paper edition. The main website for Project Gutenberg-tm has information on how to make donations, how to help produce new eBooks, and how to